Xiaoyu, you are still as handsome as you were in college
Every time I see you
I can't help but want to be close to you in the future
Let's make it up, okay?
All future
I will definitely make it up to you.
Brother Xiaoyu, don't worry.
I'm not gonna cry and scream for a divorce
An Tong wants to be your titular wife
Then let him do it.
I only hope
You can leave a place for me in your heart
I would like to be the woman behind you
Silently support you
Be your strongest backing
Yueyue thank you
Let me find the dignity of a man
Brother Xiaoyu
What if he finds out about us?
He is so strong
I'm afraid I'll get mad when you mention this.
Married for so many years
He's always been so strong
A woman like him
I see which man will like him Xu March